so when David was old and full of days
he made his son Solomon king over Israel
and he gathered together all the leaders
of Israel with the priests and the
Levites now the Levites were numbered
from the age of thirty years and above
and the number of individual males was
thirty-eight thousand of these
twenty-four thousand were to look after
the work of the house of the Lord
six thousand were officers and judges
four thousand were gatekeepers and four
thousand praised the Lord with musical
instruments which I made said David for
giving praise also David separated them
into divisions among the sons of Levi
Gershon Kohath and Merari of the
gershonites layered in' and shimmy i the
sons of laden the first cahaya then
zetha and Joe three and all the sons of
Shem EE Shalom ahthe hey ZL and Harun
three and all these were the heads of
the fathers houses of Laird and the sons
of Shem II I J hath zina Jewish and
derive
these were the four sons of Shem EO j
hath was the first and ziza the second
but gog and Berea did not have many sons
therefore they were assigned as one
father's house the sons of Kohath amra
izi hebron and Accio for in all the sons
of imran aaron and moses and aaron was
set apart he and his sons for ever that
he should sanctify the most holy things
to burn incense before the Lord to
minister to him and to give the blessing
in his name forever now the sons of
Moses the man of God were reckoned to
the tribe of Levi the sons of Moses were
Gershon and Eleazar of the sons of
Gershon shapur was the first of the
descendants of Eleazar rhihub I was the
first and ELISA had no other sons
but the sons of rehab I were very many
of the sons of is ha
Shalom if was the first of the sons of
Hebron Jiraiya was the first a Mariah
the second chahe zo the third and
jeconiah the fourth of the sons of a zo
Micah was the first and Josiah the
second the sons of Merari
were male and Musha the sons of mal I
where Eliezer and Kish and Eliezer died
and had no sons but only daughters and
their brethren the sons of Kish took
them as wives the sons of new Shai were
malai EDA and Kyra math3 and all these
were the sons of Levi by their fathers
houses the heads of the father's houses
as they were counted individually by the
number of their names who did the work
for the service of the house of the Lord
from the age of 20 years and above for
David said the Lord God of Israel has
given rest to his people that they may
dwell in Jerusalem for ever and also to
the Levites they shall no longer carry
the tabernacle or any of the articles
for its service for by the last words of
David the Levites were numbered from
twenty years old and above because their
duty was to help the sons of Aaron in
the service of the house of the law
in the courts and in the chambers in the
purifying of all holy things and the
work of the service of the house of God
both with the showbread and the fine
flour for the grain offering with the
unleavened cakes and what is baked in
the pan with what is mixed and with all
kinds of measures and sizes to stand
every morning to thank and praise the
Lord and likewise it evening and at
every presentation of a burnt offering
to the Lord on the Sabbath's and on the
new moons and on the set feasts by
number according to the ordinance
governing them regularly before the Lord
and that they should attend to the needs
of the tabernacle of meeting the needs
of the holy place and the needs of the
sons of Aaron their brethren in the work
of the house of the Lord